FIX: handling pandas missing values in HTML repr (#32341)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.base/32341.fix.rst

> - Fixed the handling of pandas missing values in HTML display
>   in :class:`sklearn.base`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the handling of pandas missing values in the HTML display of all estimators.
```
